"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\""

# blogs
https://thevaluable.dev/index.xml "~The Valuable Dev" blogs

# games
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsrxrOtjmWnH5FJhJnkTRBg "~Cubicmetre" games videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw "~Game Maker's Toolkit" games videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHSI8erNrN6hs3sUK6oONLA "~Ilmango" games videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsvn_Po0SmunchJYOWpOxMg "~Videogamedunkey" games videos

# hardware
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGsaijjOJshS2_ZmMNZgS-g "~der8auer" hardware videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChIs72whgZI9w6d6FhwGGHA "~Gamers Nexus" hardware videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgeS8J9W62B-uLBgzp14BtQ "~GN Extras" hardware videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCI8iQa1hv7oV_Z8D35vVuSg "~Hardware Unboxed" hardware videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDKLZBNM9XZ7pHPZF9D8xDQ "~Monitors Unboxed" hardware videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRPdsCVuH53rcbTcEkuY4uQ "~Moores Law is dead" hardware videos

# linux
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ linux
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA "~Brodie Robertson" linux videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA "~Mental Outlaw" linux videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8ENHE5xdFSwx71u3fDH5Xw "~The Primeagen" linux videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd3dNckv1Za2coSaHGHl5aA "~TJ DeVries" linux videos

# otaku
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRdyjE3lE7dtCOxU4rTsXVA "Tekking101" otaku videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcmxOGYGF51T1XsqQLewGtQ "~Trash Taste" otaku videos

# videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw "~3Blue1Brown" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA "~Computerphile" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw "~Internet Historian" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q "~Kurzgesagt" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A "~Numberphile" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyp1gCHZJU_fGWFf2rtMkCg "~Numberphile2" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtwKon9qMt5YLVgQt1tvJKg "~Objectivity" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1yNl2E66ZzKApQdRuTQ4tw "~Sabine Hossenfelder" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA "~Smarter every day" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8VkNBOwvsTlFjoSnNSMmxw "~Smarter every day 2" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCWeRTgd79JL0ilH0ZywSJA "~AlphaPhoenix" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSju5G2aFaWMqn-_0YBtq5A "~Stand-up Maths" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEIwxahdLz7bap-VDs9h35A "~Steve Mould" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj1VqrHhDte54oLgPG4xpuQ "~Stuff made here" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q "~Technology Connections" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A "~Tom Scott" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA "~Veritasium" videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ "~Practical Engineering" videos
