"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\""
#Videos
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChIs72whgZI9w6d6FhwGGHA videos tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgeS8J9W62B-uLBgzp14BtQ videos tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCI8iQa1hv7oV_Z8D35vVuSg videos tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRPdsCVuH53rcbTcEkuY4uQ videos tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1r0DG-KEPyqOeW6o79PByw videos tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGsaijjOJshS2_ZmMNZgS-g videos tech
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyp1gCHZJU_fGWFf2rtMkCg videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtwKon9qMt5YLVgQt1tvJKg videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8VkNBOwvsTlFjoSnNSMmxw videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHnyfMqiRRG1u-2MsSQLbXA videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCj1VqrHhDte54oLgPG4xpuQ videos educational
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqJ-Xo29CKyLTjn6z2XwYAw videos gaming
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsvn_Po0SmunchJYOWpOxMg videos gaming
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR1D15p_vdP3HkrH8wgjQRw videos entertainment
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcmxOGYGF51T1XsqQLewGtQ videos entertainment

#News
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ news
